Packaging container into truck
The fleet of trucks is on it's way to track Circuit de Monaco

Loading car onto the plane
Plane is on it's way to the race track
Unloading car from airplane
Current race is happening at: Circuit de Monaco, Europe

Number of laps: 90
Ordering tyres...
STRATEGY: 5 sets of tyres have been ordered from the tyre supplier for the coming race.
The car's tyres are replaced. The new tyres' compound: Medium Compound. Tyre sets used for this race: 1
Starting practice day.
The day is: Friday, 24-5-2020
The driver is practicing on the race track!
Starting qualifying round.
The day is: Saturday, 25-5-2020
The Car is busy with the qualifier round...
The qualifying round has finished.
The car qualifies for position 3
Starting race!
The day is: Sunday, 26-5-2020
Car is prepping for race...
GO!
EVENT: The race car's tyres are worn out, and need to be replaced.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car proceeds to the pit stop to have its worn out tyres replaced.
The car's tyres are replaced. The new tyres' compound: Hard Compound. Tyre sets used for this race: 2
EVENT: The race car's tyres are worn out, and need to be replaced.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car proceeds to the pit stop to have its worn out tyres replaced.
The car's tyres are replaced. The new tyres' compound: Soft Compound. Tyre sets used for this race: 3
EVENT: Due to mildly hazardous conditions on the track, the yellow flag is displayed.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car acknowledges the yellow flag and slows down until the flag is no longer displayed.
EVENT: One of the race car's component breaks and requires immediate attention.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car returns to the pit stop to have its broken component replaced or repaired.
EVENT: Due to mildly hazardous conditions on the track, the yellow flag is displayed.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car acknowledges the yellow flag and slows down until the flag is no longer displayed.
EVENT: Due to extremely hazardous conditions on the track, the red flag is displayed.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car acknowledges the red flag and cautiously approaches the track's exit.
EVENT: One of the race car's component breaks and requires immediate attention.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car returns to the pit stop to have its broken component replaced or repaired.
EVENT: A safety car enters the track ahead of the leader.
EVENT RESPONSE: The race car slows down in order to stay behind the safety car until the safety car departs from the track.
TACTICS: The race car blocks the car behind it from overtaking it.
The car has finished the final lap...
Race is over
The car came in position: 1
The car received 25 pointsTransporting car to Engineering department...
Engineering: Car has been serviced
